Doc/Core#506 - Rename scheduler to orchestrator (#402)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/concepts/pipeline.md

    This problem has been modeled in two pipelines - one pipeline for the forecasting algorithm and one for the
    production planning algorithm. As a consequence, the two algorithms can have two different workflows. They can run

>     independently, under different orchestrations. For example, one on a fixed orchestration (e.g. every week) and one on demand,

Reviewer: In this specific case, we are not talking about orchestration but schedule. We are comparing two workflow schedules...

```suggestion
    independently, under different schedules. For example, one on a fixed schedule (e.g. every week) and one on demand,
```
